this is a video that people have asked
me to watch is this it right here
all final fantasy mounts and how to get
them is this it okay here we go
hey buttons today i'm taking on the
mountainous task
of showing you how to get every single
mount in final fantasy 14.
remember that to mount up at all you'll
need to have done the quest my little
chocobo at level 20.
and that's after you pick a grand
company if you see this symbol
my little straightaway so you might be
able to find it on the marketboard
if amount is an achievement reward
you'll need to pick it up from jonathas
near abkhalu falls in gardenia
i'll also talk about mounts that are no
longer obtainable at the end of this
video
all right first stop gold saucer here
you'll play mini games to get a special
currency called
mgps you can trade for mounts and other
loot
here are the various mounts and their
costs okay
wait holy [ __ ] that's cool that's a big
boy
[Music]
so you can get wait what the [ __ ] wait
this is a mount how do you ride her oh
never mind oh man i thought the girl was
the mount
man that's some damn dude bro that's
some that's [ __ ]
they had to play me like that
okay
[Music]
what the [ __ ] oh that's cool that looks
like the monsters in doom
what the [ __ ] those are actually bad ass
what the hell is this it's cactus jack
holy [ __ ] this is actually
wait and you're on his shoulder you can
ride this around
what the hell it's a cactar
next up pvp now as long as you are above
level 30 you are good
to pvp everybody's stats in hp are
equalized
right so gear and levels beyond 30 don't
matter
pvp is a great way to get mounts such as
the aerodynamics
system this comes from winning 100
fields of glory front line pvp matches
to get the achievement in a blaze of
glory five
next you can get the gloria class
airship by winning 200 meters
that's not an airship that's an a that
that's like an
air like a little baby baby airplane
what is how is this it was just an
airplane for ants
look at it they're so small it's a hobby
yeah this is a little hoverboard what
the hell is this
of the feast the logistics system mount
is awarded when you win
to okay thank i'm so happy to see this
so it's not just blizzard that does
recolors
this is literally a recolor of the blue
one
so it's it's not just it's not just
blizzard
everybody does it yes final fantasy does
it too
you've got the the blue star and you've
got the death star
good frontline matches with the same
grand company
magitek avenger is from winning rival
wings 100 times
wow avenger a1 is obtained
by winning hidden gorge 100 times
tech sky armor costs 20 000 wolf marks
from the storm sergeant school's den
provisioner at the wolves den
pier that is really you can get wolf
marks just by participating in pvp
the safeguard system is obtained by
winning 100 of frontline matches
the serpent war steed is from winning
100 frontline matches with order of this
win
that one sucks for the storm more steed
you'll need to win 100 frontline matches
with the maelstrom
for the flame more steed you'll need to
win 100 frontline matches with the
immortal flames
and for construct seven you'll need to
win 100 onsol jacquere
matches and i just want to add that in
the course of me
making this video and getting all the
footage that i needed of the different
pvp mounts
um all of the people that i met from the
pvp wait it is like gmod
this actually is just like gmod what the
[ __ ] i
i think gmod looks way cooler than that
one okay i'm gonna be honest
i think gmod looks way [ __ ] cooler
however
um it's a hundred victories i'd have to
farm the [ __ ] out of that one
you can get this mountain yeah extremely
nice way out of their way to help me
find the mounts that i needed to record
and they were just super cool
overall they told me to send people over
to the pv paisa discord server which is
like the balance but for pvp okay
with a bit of guidance from them you
might rank top 100 and get yourself a
menacious mount
those mounts will be released to the top
100 players per data center
after the current season ends and will
not be obtainable after that
the mentor roulette is a special duty
roulette that you'll unlock
by being a pve mentor and completing
every dungeon trial guildhust and rey
so they have the mentor system in final
fantasy wait did wow take this from
final fantasy
damn well they should have done it
better because like the wow version
sucks piers in mentor roulette i'll put
a complete list of the content you need
to complete to unlock mentors
but if you do it 2 000 times then you
will get
the astro holy [ __ ] it's a unicorn
it's a [ __ ] unicorn dude what the
hell that's crazy is it
it's a it's a pegasus unicorn pegasus
it looks pretty great but i asked the
person who was posing for this
how long it took them to get the astro
and they said
they did mentor roulette all day every
day for a year
so you betta stroke in for a grind
every tank can get a basic mount and an
armored version of it
so for warriors i want to say right here
if you look at
tanking classes every time
these are for alpha males okay and so
you look at the
these are the alpha male classes tanks
are obviously the alpha male class
these are the coolest mounts you have
look at that tiger look at the
saber-tooth tiger he this guy
he's on steroids like this the tiger
works out
it's not just a guy the tiger does too
look at that bear
look at that [ __ ] what even is that
that's like a
like a [ __ ] legendary pokemon at the
bottom right
i think it can get a basic mountain and
an armored version of it
so warrior there's a war bear and battle
bear
that's badass battle lion
the dark knight the war panther and
battle panther wait that was the one i
was going to play was dark knight wasn't
it
because it that's the one that has like
the big sword
that can it fly can that mount fly yes
holy [ __ ] all mounts fly
how the [ __ ] is this gonna fly please
explain to me
how this flies because it couldn't even
evolve enough
to stay alive until whenever we're here
oh it's magic
gun breaker the war tiger and battle
tiger
damn that's badass paladin and dark
knight's first mount
the ones with achievements that say high
level duties i'm gonna get that can be
farmed on anything
level 50 plus that's extreme or savage
i'm going to get that a solo garuda x
and sync would work i i will get that
announced for that and both gun breaker
kitties
will require i think that the armored
version sucks i like the unarmored
version
the unarmored version is like the last
phase in a boss fight
whenever he's like at full power and
he's fighting for his life
this for this is like the first part of
the boss fight where like he just easy
mechanics that are you know not that
hard to avoid
but like nah i i don't give a [ __ ] about
that i want to get the [ __ ] the
unarmored version i think it looks way
more badass
fire at level 16 content or
or lovely roulette that's so bad why did
those beauty roulettes have
bonus active so if you want to grind for
the armored tank mounts
or for the two sabretooth tigers farming
stormblood
trials unsynced would be a pretty
effective way to do that
and to collect totems for dogs which i
will get to in a minute there's the
unicorn which comes from this one's for
girls
this is not for me like can we please
get back
can we please get back to the [ __ ]
bears that are on steroids
that have like five tails coming out of
them
and they're on fire like what is this i
i'm not i'm not the target audience for
this okay
level 30 conjurer class quest
unicorn power and the marble which is a
reward for the true blue achievement
this is a pretty tough one requiring
that you clear turn five
of the binding coil of bahamut turn four
of second coil of bahamut
turn for a final coil of bahamut burden
of the father's side it's a piranha
the sun savage and soul of the creek
look at the guy's face he's like yeah
yeah bro it is what it is man
yeah bro it is what it is this guy's
yeah he's cold
chilling now i i think it's not a
tentacle monster right it's not like
that
if it was there'd be there's something
holding the cat only party
synced that's badass silence echo turned
off that's really cool that's a cool ass
[ __ ] thing no joke
you'll need a dedicated group for these
and so i'm going to leave some blue mage
raiding discords in the description box
below if you're
ready to take on what i've been
referring to on stream is project hentai
good luck and finally yeah we're gonna
do that that sounds like something that
i'm interested in doing
uh yeah so we'll try that and we'll see
what it is
project hentai yeah so uh i do want to
announce
uh that i will be playing this game uh
quite
quite soon uh turns out there's some new
information that's come to light
that has made me uh feel like it's a
little bit more
uh more pressing for me to more pressing
for me to insert myself into this game
the jobs category if you get all battle
jobs to level 80
you will get an omaro mount it's
basically level until you can say
i'm a wrong stupid [ __ ] who the [ __ ]
wants this piece of trash
look at this stupid [ __ ] mouth job's
still level
next up recruiter how much of an idiot
you have to be a ride that stupid
[ __ ] dumb
bird around a stupid ass [ __ ]
that's like a scuffed chompy
dark knight's not available until
heavensward listen bro like you gotta
understand something
what do you think i do whenever i stop
streaming oh wow you're gonna have to
put 50 hours into this
great i can do that in two days that's
nothing
friend to join the game by sending them
your recruit a friend
code they can only redeem it after
buying the game
and within their first free 30 days of
play time
if they redeem your code and then
subscribe for 90 days
yeah after their first 30 days you'll
get a draft jacob
in the mail oh it's a two-seater
okay uh that's kind of cool i like that
that's all right
do remember that that 90 days that they
pay for does not
include the first or free 30 days that
they got for buying the game
if you recruit one friend you will get
five gold chocobo feathers
if your friend subscribes for 150 days
you will get
five gold chocobo feathers and gold
chocobo feathers can be traded for
mounts
so there's the mana garm which costs
eight feathers
what's this it looks like diablo with a
small head
hey guys i'm the lord of terror
it's it's like a [ __ ] small headed
diablo what the [ __ ]
brother this is a loser mount i don't
want to look at this guy anymore the guy
looks like a [ __ ] dumbass
looks like a [ __ ] let's look at the
next one you wash your hands
nah bro why would i wash my hands dude i
got a clean dick
i never wash my hands because i never
get my hands dirty i never get my dick
dirty either actually not ma
actually that doesn't no i don't mean no
uh all right let's watch the video
man shut up shut the [ __ ] up you save
him because it's ugly
i think he's [ __ ] ugly the two-seater
amber drop
this is stupid cause eight gold feathers
i thought amber meant yellow but it's
red i don't know why and twin tonia
costs 15 gold feathers so good luck
recording
no [ __ ] way
no [ __ ] why what the [ __ ] 15.
holy [ __ ] that's so badass that's a lit
that's a little mouth the old
featherstone
the swirly thing around his neck is kind
of stupid but like the
yeah that's a straight-up dragon main
story quest will award you you know what
makes me mad about wow
is like the fact that they only let you
ride on drakes it's like they're like oh
it's a bronze drake
oh it's the red drake it's the emerald
drake
[ __ ] i want a dragon i want a [ __ ] i
want a full grown
big ass [ __ ] like where you're
on it i want to be like this
where's that where's like uh i'm not
fine i can't find it man
i can't find it so i want to be like
this
i want to be like this and i'm the whole
mount is
i'm the whole mount and i'm riding and
i'm the raccoon right
and and i'm the dragon too and i'm
i'm falling off give me a minute but you
see what i'm saying so like it's me
like and that's how big it is and like
i'm on a i'm that dragon
and i'm flying around with the raccoon
on my back that's actually me
but i'm a dragon with several mounts
just for playing through it
the first one you get is your first
mountain the company chocobo
this is how you do your own reborn story
quest pick a grand company and pay
company seals for a checkerboard license
you can decorate your company chocobo
with various fun
chocobo bardings but there's wait so
they could do wait so you were able to
do the same thing
that i said that wow should do with
mounts where you have like base mounts
and you can put special [ __ ] on the
mount
so this literally has the thing that i
want wow to have
only chocobos that's fine
can you give it a like a like a strap-on
dick
is there something like that you could
give it on
yes
a lot of them and that's kind of beyond
the scope of this video the magitek
armor comes from the
realm reborn mate's request the ultimate
weapon the black chocobo comes from the
heavens
you just don't skip over that mainstream
request
does that do damage ultimate weapon
that's really cool from the heavensward
main story quest
divine interest mana cutter comes from
the heavens
holy [ __ ] look at that word made for
requests
into the earth midgard stormer from the
heavensward main story quest
fetters of lament what y'all from
stormblood's main story quest in the
footsteps of barbara yeah this one's
dumb
so just another reason for you actually
no it's not that's really cool
to do the main story dungeon is one of
my favorite activities in the game and
it's a great way to get some super rare
amounts
deep main story best fetters look at
that
and that's a giant ass massage
look at that
what is this the yule from stormblood's
main story quest
in the footsteps of bardum the brave
yeah just another reason for y'all to do
to do it oh the y'alls
deep dungeon is one of my favorite
activities in the game and it's a great
way to get some super rare amounts
if you're committed to it there are two
types of deep dungeon in the game
currently
palace of the dead which you can unlock
from the level 17 side quest
the house that death built in new
gradania you can obtain a disembodied
head
mount wait that's actually really cool
what the [ __ ] that's badass yeah it's
like a dark souls mount or some [ __ ]
ten gal morin potts shirts you get one
gal more and pot shirt for clearing
floor 50 of palace of the dead and
the pot shirts have a random chance to
drop from bronze coffers anywhere in
pals of the dead
also in palace of the dead you can get a
knight pegasus
this one honestly looks like trash
like this actually looks like dog [ __ ]
like i would i would turn in currency to
not have this
i would turn it i would be like please
do not
do not put this upon me do not
inflict me with this illness
do not hurt me with this thing you can
sell it
good i'm gonna sell it for free
this drops from gold trimmed sacks which
come from floors 151
to 200 but you will need a dedicated
group of the same
four people like a mini mini static of
four people
to go with you from 151 to 200 it might
take you a couple of days
and you will probably need to read up
about the monsters in there because once
you die
it resets you it's like game over you
gotta start over
that's not anyway have fun don't die
also there's heaven on high
that's a deep dungeon added in storm
blood you unlock with a level 61 quest
knocking on heaven's door in the ruby
sea okay
the dutto is heaven on high's version of
night pegasus i suppose what the
[ __ ] is this dude
what the [ __ ] is this dude look at that
that's a chunker
it drops from platinum haloed sacks
which are obtained in floors
to progress through on your save
each time you reach floor 100 you will
get an empyrean
relic damn we'll give it a 4 100 four
separate times and you can trade your
four
imperium reliquaries to the confederate
npc
for four empyrean accessories equip them
and talk to him again
and he will give you the mount next up
raid and dungeon drops now there's only
one mount that drops from a dungeon
that is the magitek predator it has a
chance to drop from zenos
in the alamigo dungeon now so this is
literally a gmod
this mount is literally a g mod
straight it is a straight up new g mod
oh god oh [ __ ] you god
dude all right
all right all right it's more like shred
yeah whatever
all the rest of the mounts that i'm
gonna mention in this section are raid
mounts
that have a 100 chance to drop they're
all guaranteed to drop
and depending on when you're watching
this video after it was released
some of the raids may be easier than
they are now so
wait a minute so like if y'all said
about master lute
does it drop for one person or does it
drop for everybody
okay can you masturbute that [ __ ] to
yourself
is that right
is that right huh let's see what we're
going to be able to get
i i sure hope i i i'll get a higher roll
i get a higher i can't even say it
i sure hope i get a high roll on the
item any of these mounts
unsynced recently leave a comment saying
how hard it was and how many people you
needed
or if you needed to know any mechanics
just to help your fellow mount hunters
with the most
up-to-date information possible
that's cool alexander oh that was that
one ball
what the hell is this
that's cool oh
look at that it's what the hell
that's honestly bro this is some [ __ ]
scuffed ass
comic that thomas the tank engine [ __ ]
like what is this
what's this [ __ ] what arnold the the
airplane
the [ __ ] what does this guy even look
like
this is our it's like corky yeah what
the [ __ ]
the darkmoon dariable bro this looks
like what is that this looks like it's
straight this is like a bad guy in a
pixar movie
he's got minions as pontoons
what is this man
not about it
that's cool
that's cool i like that okay
that is badass damn
wait what the
wait you can have other people in the
mount
so you can have other people in this
that's a four-seater mount
that's bad that damn that's bad i like
that that's cool
that's really cool beast thanks for a
hundred dollars
thank you man rama
eden's verse what the
so it's zeus but he's a centaur with
wings
wait a minute the player
isn't the nine-year-old anime girl is it
oh
my god that's me
oh god okay
[Music]
wow that is really cool though trial
amounts
and for trial amounts unlike the raid
mounds they do not have a guaranteed
chance to drop they have
a rare chance to drop from the boss
itself i'm familiar with every time you
kill the boss you get a totem which you
can eventually
trade in to an item exchange npc
for the mounts you can trade in 99
totems or amount
okay that's cool takes a couple of major
content patches
after that trial boss was released
before you can actually
buy the mount with totems so with all of
that said
here are the trial mounts and where they
drop okay let's see them
that's stupid that's so dumb i don't
even want to look at that that's the
dumbest mount i've ever seen my whole
life
that's the dumbest this is the second
dumbest mound i've ever seen in my whole
life
this is so stupid like these unicorns
are dumb as hell
what is this epona what what what's it
what's this e ponies [ __ ] going on
oh it's vaporeon that's great
[Music]
that yeah these suck thank god they're
hard to get apparently
i'm glad i'm glad
uh this is just they're all just
recallers
all right that's that's that that one's
badass
that that that yeah okay that that's
that's that that one's it yeah that
one's what it's about man
that zapdos yeah what the hell this is
cool
that's really cool
with a stupid little red horn man
yeah right no dude
okay the red one is cool
yeah i guess i'm about the red one
that's cool
damn
actually that one looks really nice what
the hell
yeah what do you guys think about that
one i feel like the design on that looks
really good
no it's not just because it's purple
it's because it looks cool what do you
mean
yeah it looks cool guys like stop it's
not just because it's purple
but it does help that it's purple yeah
it does help
yo dab him thanks for 100 appreciate it
man thank you
people are popping off thank you guys
that's cool
wait this is like the heart of the
aspects
wait so this is like wait so you don't
this is the heart of the aspects but you
don't buy it on the store
so realistically realistically just be
honest with me guys
could i get this mount
yes e i could get it easy i could get it
super easy
so do they have mounts in final fantasy
that are like
the mounts that like they look so badass
and they're so
cool and they can you guys 20 people can
ride on the mount
and and it's like a [ __ ] really cool
and it's big and it's like super hard to
get
because like that's what i want to see i
want to see like the [ __ ] the mega
dick mounts
like this one is so badass though this
is actually really cool
wow this is dumb
this is dumb this is honestly this is so
dumb this is
this is from deviantart i saw this
yeah this is from db this is from
deviantart
cerberus no it's not servers got three
[ __ ] heads bro like what the [ __ ] do
you mean
like that's not cerberus this is just
spot
yeah these are dumb
that one does look cool to be fair that
one doesn't cool
all right
nope nope
[Music]
what the [ __ ]
damn yeah
damn bruh that's like a uh
it reminds me of the demon of hatred in
sakiro
that's so cool man small head though
that's okay man
that's totally okay that's so badass see
this mount i like a lot
this is an actual cool [ __ ] mountain
you need to get so i have to collect all
the all the other mounts in order to get
this one
so it's like the [ __ ] emerald drake
and you like awake the drake's
achievement
in wow it's the same thing bro that's so
badass that's
that's so cool
i like it yeah
[Music]
that is cool too this is actually really
cool
uh what really kills it for me is the
face
look at his face
bro it looks like he got plastic surgery
like he got botox he's like this dude
he like he like he got his face like
this
he got like it's all the way up against
the [ __ ] face like this
that's the way it looks man it looks
weird as hell
innocent this one looks stupid
oh that looks cool but look at his face
man
he's got no pixels on his face
that one's cool i like that one's way
cooler that's actually badass
with like the effect and everything but
like what's so weird to me is like look
at that character man
that's like the character at the
beginning of legend of zelda ocarina of
time
this is like the little girl that link
talks to
and she's like oh sorry i've gotta my
mom wants me to plant flowers
wait what is this bro like it's it's
cute nah
man it's weird like i don't want to see
some [ __ ]
six-year-old anime girl riding on a
dragon
like the guy that needs to be riding on
dragon needs to be like at least 250
[ __ ] solid muscle huge beard
a giant like [ __ ] dragon slayer great
sword
just right now no no no [ __ ] gnomes
that's their stup
gnomes are stupid man no i don't want
gnomes in the game to get rid of them
i don't want gnomes
now for the b-stride mounts as before
i'll be separating the tribes by
expansion and i'll show where you can
unlock those tribes
and what reputation you need to get
their mount
wait what
i really like this mount wait what the
[ __ ]
what the [ __ ]
no way
look at it dude look how wide he is
look how wide he is
oh my god that's actually cool too i
like this
damn
okay
[Music]
this one looks kind of stupid
i don't even know what this is what even
is this
[Music]
what the hell is this
what the [ __ ]
what the [ __ ] is this wait bro this is a
dan
that's literally a dandelion the only
good thing about this mount is you get
to look up her skirt like that's the
only good thing about
what oh you're going to literally you're
going to fly around on a dandelion
like that's it look at this look at this
it's not a mailman it glows
yeah of course it glows it's a dandelion
they glow on their own
[Music]
yeah that's the only good thing about it
that's literally the only good thing
stripe ray wait is it it's soundless
yo it's soundless oh my god
look at it what the [ __ ]
[Music]
oh
oh whoa okay all right
so the elephant is really cool
but it's dumbo
yeah true
see like this in my opinion i think this
is stupid
but i don't like how the how the
elephant can fly
well i don't care if it's a magic
elephant this got helium
in his in his horns and so he gets to
fly i
it's magic i'm just i just i think it's
like it is crazy man you can fly around
on an elephant you fly around on an
elephant dude how are you gonna fly
around on an elephant is too
fat he don't have any wings
even dumbo doesn't dumbo have wings
dumbo has wings doesn't he
he has ears so where's this is he are
here
his ears aren't even moving
[Music]
he's not even flapping his ears
so that's the way the griffins look like
it yeah
i i don't know about that man this
griffin looks weird look at his neck
his face me coach
wait what the hell
that's actually yeah i like this this is
cool
it's like xerxes in uh in 300.
yeah yeah a little slave mount exactly
okay
see this one makes sense like i'm okay
with this one even though it's a pig
i'm totally okay with this one because
you can clearly see
that it's using like its ears to fly
right like it makes sense
this is a yeah this is an actual [ __ ]
because it makes it this is cool
even though i'm not gonna be riding this
[ __ ] right but like
it's it's just it's a little bit much
man it is a little bit mud
yeah pigs can fly horses can fly yeah
but they're magic because they have like
weird [ __ ] around them
yeah that's cool what the hell
[Music]
oh mike
what the [ __ ] next up hunts
these are different world bosses that
you'll need a big group to take down
to find such a group and to know when
the bosses are up i recommend you join
the centurio hunt discord server that's
cool
i've got it set up to ping me anytime
there's an s rank and that's
pretty cool to unlock hunts for all
expansions
you'll need to make sure you've done all
the quests that i'm showing on screen
now
you can pause it if you need to and
really you shouldn't miss the
opportunity
to do the best named quest in the game
what is it
the wyvern is sold for six clan mark
logs
you get the clan mark logs for 500
centurio seals each from artelane no
actually i don't know i kind of like him
in a way
because he's unique he's like he's like
he's like if wawa luigi was a mount
in foundation you'd then trade the clan
mark logs to bertana and idol
abstract the centurio tiger comes from
killing 3 000
a ranks and 2 000 s ranks yeah that's
the thing
you got game the triceratops is from
killing
two thousand a ranks and one thousand
springs
zones nah man look at that bro what the
[ __ ]
killing two thousand a ranks and one
thousand s ranks in norwant
bro what the [ __ ] how'd he do that
how he do that magic nah bro
well you can't use magic for everything
you can't use magic for
anti-gravitational tech nah bro it's not
how are we going to do that how malmos
fight what the how are you going to do
with flying around what
he does like at least give him like if
you're going to have some mount
at least give him like a jet pack on
like his tail or something
that's why it's just like it i don't
know it's weird man and forgiven
reticence is purchased from zile at the
crystarium
or ilfroy at yulmore for 3200 sacks of
nuts
you can get your hands on some nut sacks
by killing elite marks
sort of related to hunts wait should you
say nuts nut sacks
[ __ ] 200 sacks of nuts
you can get your hands on some nut sacks
that's good okay so this mount
is it just it looks like it's missing a
little bit too many pixels i'm gonna be
honest
that's a go that's not true
by killing elite marks sort of related
to
hunts are special fates that are big
bosses that appear very rarely
you can also track these through the
centurio hunt discord server
ixian is a mound purchased with 12 ixan
horns
the horns are obtained from the rare
fate a horse outside in the logs
that what is this dude this mount you
know what it looks like to me
it's like have you guys ever done like
had uh
if you ever have like written text in
photoshop
and then you have the different filters
that you put on the text
and there's like the list of them and
you check every filter
that's this mount it's got every filter
on it's
it's the god of all unicorns is that
right
bro this is the god of everything look
at him
i don't even know what it is it like
it drops see the thing is this is this
does look cool like to be honest this
does look cool but like it's like
the yellow [ __ ] on the horn man does he
really need
so he if he's a unicorn why's he got a
horn like an
like a reindeer he's a liger
that's not real that's in napoleon
dynamite man
like wait no they are real never mind i
learned that
they are real yeah i guess this does
look cool
first outside in the lungs i want to see
how the iron frog mover is purchased
from
fat hard with 12 formidable cops it's a
robot
from the rare fate a finale most
formidable
in collusion
that's a cool like station is a place
where you can shop
for a bunch of mounts one way to do that
is by marrying another player
you'll both need to buy the gold or
platinum eternal bonding plan in the mog
station do the ties that bind quests and
you'll get the bird
hopefully your partner will also give
you the bird when they find out you
married them
just for a chicken the rest of the
station mounts are from the optional
items section or from
upgrading it's for a chicken
can you you can probably marry a dude
right if you're a dude you marry another
dude
so but all right so but what happens if
they get divorced
who gets them out
does the girl get them out you both get
it no does the girl get them out
what is it you both get them out you
keep it she takes some mountain
etiquettes
hopefully your partner will also give
you the bird when they find out you
married them
just for a chicken the rest of the mock
station mounds are from the optional
items section
or from upgrading to collector's
editions okay
okay this is some [ __ ] bro this this
was designed by chris chan
this is like like [ __ ] nine tails
plus
pikachu it's sauna pikachu
what the [ __ ] is this
what what is this i don't even know this
is so dumb
oh my god
oh my oh my god guys
[Music]
she
whoa look at that
that's like a super vulture wait
that's actually really cool what the
hell
oh
this is really that's i like this
what the it's literally called
fatter cat so a chunker becomes a mount
oh my god man they know their player
base
yeah i know these are the same kinds of
people like these are the people
that play the game that they like
chonkers
a storm out
indigo whale wait
um how are you gonna fl how
how's the whale fly guys how does the
whale fly
magic not bro you can't just say
everything is because of magic can you
it's actually in the story so
wait and this is a this is a mount that
you can buy
on the store right this is a this is a
store mount so you can
literally whales can buy whales
no joke like like no [ __ ] this is
actually what it is
oh my god
wow
magic carpet
okay
no no panda
[Music]
what wait what
what bro like what
what bro like he he shoots out bananas
and he's got a rainbow circle underneath
him
oh my god that's grass
yeah sure it's grass maybe it's bamboo
look look at this this is ridiculous
that's ridiculous man what are these are
they healeys
god damn that's badass too
that is cool
oh my god okay
okay yeah that
see this is uh so they literally have
like a motorcycle what i like about it
is like that
yeah i'm not it this is a little bit too
weeby for me i would say so
uh 30 yeah this [ __ ] yeah it's 30
dollars like
these are like all store mounts so like
who gives a [ __ ] you know it's not that
big of a deal
and i do want to say whenever i finish
this video whenever i finish this video
we're doing a giveaway
we are doing a giveaway for this video
after this video i mean uh this actually
looks badass it's too bad it's a storm
out i'm not gonna buy any [ __ ] store
mounts
yeah i'm not gonna buy any of that [ __ ]
white devils
it's called a white devil
oh [ __ ]
okay um what
what a [ __ ] brother what what the [ __ ]
brother
spriggan stone that's really cool
wow oh my god
look at that wow
jesus what is this the bernstein bears
and he throws okay to be honest that is
really cool he throws presents that have
like that is badass
okay oh oh in that
in that in that real cute huh
in that real oh that's so cute
this is bro what the [ __ ]
what is this dude what is
what is it what's his face
oh my god what is that
that's a chonka bow it's a [ __ ]
chonka bow
look at that
it's like i feel like some of these yeah
it's a big [ __ ] that's a big old fat
[ __ ] it is like and like wait a minute
so it's like because over there like
this game isn't made in america so like
they're not like offended by everything
so they literally have a fat guy
basically
that you have to make him run around by
putting food in front of them
look because you have him jump up he's
like give me that food i'm hungry
look at this look at this little beefy
boy look at oh give me that cake
please please give me that kelp look
look at man come on come on you can do
it oh oh come on oh there's the cake
wait a minute so he's only actually
flying for the cake
so if you give him a salad he's not even
gonna get his wings out
but you gotta put out the cake for him
and that's whenever he really goes to
work
damn that's [ __ ] up
oh my god look at him
i think their griffins look dumb i don't
like the griffins
they remind me of the old gauntlet grip
a plesiosaur
oh what
holy [ __ ]
it's a fl it's a flying nessie
holy [ __ ] it's lapras yeah exactly
lapras
like all all storm outs yeah yeah it's
unfortunate
but i get this one is really cool to be
fair this one's definitely really cool
i like it what about the next one
that reminds me of like the tourists the
ones from the necro award
yeah this is like the neko award ones oh
what the hell let's talk crafting and
gathering now there's a couple mounts
that you can just straight up craft
like the flying chair which is crafted
by an alchemist
requires eight clouds breath and one
riviera armchair how's it gonna fly
how's the mount how's the mountain gonna
fly how's the chair gonna fly
how's that happen magic bro
you can't guys come on how's it gonna
[ __ ]
look just why don't you say like that
it's got that oh there's
there's helium in the cushions or
something like that or like there's
actually
like there's miniature there's like
hummingbirds
inside of the chair that whenever you
sit in a chair the hummingbirds are like
oh [ __ ] it's time to go to work
and then they fly right like what
what do you how do you guys come up with
this it says
it's complicated bro yeah right yeah
right dude there is the magic
bed crafted by a carpenter which
requires three enchanted elm lumber
four undyed velveteen and four clouds
breath
and there is the high bodice which you
get by scoring at least
10 000 points on an ocean fishing trip
ocean fishing being a new feature
that was added then there's sky builder
scripts so you can collect sky builder
scripts by crafting items for ishgard
restoration
the pegasus costs 4 200 sky builder
scripts
it's also sometimes available to get in
moogle treasure trove events
that actually the albino caracal costs 8
sky builder strips it's the schlatt
mount
ufiti costs eight thousand it's just
it's a slap mount man
sky builders move events
look at that the albedo 8
400 sky valley i do i like this one
the uffiti costs 8 400 sky builders this
is harambe
you have to um you have to kill a
gorilla in order to get that mount
that's the way it works you have to yeah
you have to kill a gorilla
and the doll mill is a possible reward
from the cupola fortune mini game in the
firmament the hell
there's also the terran which requires
you to
earn 500 000 points
towards your skyward score as every
disciple
of the hand and land this is
an absolutely monumental agreement and i
it's okay anyone that would have this
mount
that i could record for footage for this
video wait a minute with the help of a
friend who speaks in japanese
i hopped over to the only wait so is
this mount like so why is this mount so
hard to get
is it hard to get because it's like a
special like ju it's like a jumping
puzzle thing
it's a it's a massive grind oh oh it's a
grind
okay never may have to craft forever it
takes nine years to do
yeah thank god it's not that cool person
that i knew
had it in the entire world a person on a
jp server
and um they put up with me allowing me
to get a bit of footage of the
tyrannodon so i'm happy to
show that footage to you now
that is cool that's not worth that much
time though
okay okay
cool who's the girl next up
eureka eureka is it's a special set of
zones with tough monsters in it and an
independent leveling system that was
introduced in stormblood
i'm gonna direct you to a discord for
this one as well which i will drop in
the description box below
tyrannosaur drops in a nemo's via nemo's
lock boxes
see this is the same [ __ ] thing that
i was talking about with the with the
[ __ ] drakes dude
it was the same [ __ ] thing because
look you get to ride on these little
little [ __ ] baby dick raptors
you know but you never get to ride on a
tyrannosaurus
like and and he doesn't fly like there's
no way he gonna fly
like i swear to god if he flies don't
you [ __ ] fly
i nemo's fates don't you [ __ ] fly the
eld thor
that's what i thought yeah yeah he can
nah
nah he can't how would he fly man look
that was a that was actually a really
cool mount i like that this one is cool
too
i i really like this mount drops from
gold
bunny chests from bunny face he's just
like the other guy
the other absolutely the eureka petrol
drops from gold bunny chests
from bunny fates in high dados and
demi osman okay drops from the final
boss
of baldessian arsenal in high dados
dude that's really good that is a 56 man
raid it's gonna take
wait did you say 56 man raid oh wait
wait
one second in high dottos and
that is a 56 man raid it's gonna take a
bit of organization
and work with other players to get next
up airship expedition
dude that's badass it's easy i bet it
probably that's
[ __ ] cool why 56 because 56 divided
by 2 is 53
which is a prime number additions
there's only one mount for this because
kind of a miscellaneous category
you get a zoo for one iron voyage spoil
at all this is like the other taker in
any housing district
you get the iron voyage spoil by sending
your free company's airship
on an expedition to sector 24.
next player commendations you get 500
commendations from other players you'll
get
a gilded magic and the parade chocobo
is rewarded for getting 3 000 player
accommodations
oh wait that wait the chocobo is
actually no way
so they they really just went all the
way with this they said he doesn't even
fly for lettuce but you get a cake out
and this [ __ ] is going to go all the
way to the moon
he's a chunker yeah this is great
for getting 3 000 player accommodations
achievement points is another way to get
mounts you'll need to talk to jonathas
in gradient near abkhalu falls to
exchange your points for achievement
certificates which you can then exchange
for mounds this is also the npc you'll
need to talk to to get mounts that
you've earned from different
achievements
here are all the mounts you can buy with
achievement certificates
uh what the hell is this
what is this what is it a claw machine
you know if they wanted to make it
realistic they'd have it drop you
halfway whenever you're up in the air
because that's what happens like and you
know what i mean like you ever had those
claw machines
back whenever you were a kid and you'd
get like the good
toy and like somebody else would [ __ ]
do it
and it would like go and it would like
grab it and it would be like this you'd
see some other kid they'd be like
it like grabs it's like yep all right
there it is and you get it
and then somehow whenever you go to get
yours
it's like this it's like
just all right let me try and try to get
one come on all right one more
okay that's another quarter all right
one more come on
and then sometimes they go oh
you know what i've had that happen to me
like 50 [ __ ] times at gotti town man
[ __ ] cotty town buffet pizza
they stole my goddamn money
they stole my they stole my dad's money
to be fair
my mom's money but did you get it in the
end [ __ ] no i didn't get it in the end
hell no i want to go play jurassic park
i'm not going to waste my money on that
[ __ ]
ready thanks for a hundred dollars
appreciate that man thank you very much
guys is god g-a-t it's like nah got it
gaddy time
whatever the [ __ ] you want to call it
[Music]
what the [ __ ]
holy [ __ ]
that's uh nah man how's he gonna do that
no bro how's he gonna how's he gonna do
how's it gonna do that nah
yeah right dude how's it gonna do
there's no way
there's no [ __ ] way he's jacked
this actually does look pretty cool like
i i like this mount
this is a badass looking mount
okay this one is like
i actually like this one i think this is
cool it's like those mobs in anor londo
and dark souls one
to grab your ass except without the eye
obviously i wanted to show you all of
the unobtainable mounts that are no
longer available in the game
okay but are still pretty nice to look
at all right let's see
there's no way dude imagine them adding
fat black chocobo in america like
there's no [ __ ] chance
that they would add that like literally
no [ __ ] chance
wait it's a bbc
big black chocobo
i actually never mind i could see
blizzard adding in a bbc
yeah i could see them doing that well i
could see old boys are doing that
nowadays probably not going to happen
but yeah this is [ __ ] ridiculous oh
my god
jesus original fat chocobo
oh my god
oh my god with the cake dude just
they dangle it right over his face to
where like
probably just a few little crumbs like
hit his beak and they fall off
that's funny flying cumulus
that's actually badass stupid that one's
not in the game
yeah that is really cool what the hell
is this
what the [ __ ] that is badass
okay garrow mounts
i like the colors on that the wings
the [ __ ] wings that's really cool
damn and this has got the yeah it's got
the wings too
the gold one looks way better
that's really cool that this actually is
really really [ __ ] cool
like it what's what's crazy for me to
see about this is like
i would like to see blizzard look at
these mounts and stuff like this
like obviously so like final fantasy is
like
so like blizzard doesn't take enough
chances
final fantasy i think in some cases
takes too many
it's like what if we had a unicorn okay
what if we had a unicorn with lightning
on it
okay what if we had a unicorn with
lightning on it that has
uh like little clouds as his feet what
if we had a unicorn with lightning with
clouds on his feet
that also had little strings of
lightning coming off of him okay that's
good
what if we had a unicorn with a horn on
its head that had another horn on top of
the horn that it already had on its head
it's like okay and with the lightning
and the clouds yeah yeah that too okay
what if we had all that
and then on top of that he has two more
wings it's like okay all right how about
that
that's cool okay now what if you give
him two more horns but now he's not a
unicorn [ __ ] it we call him a
a triple corn it's a it's a tricorn and
it's a three-horned unicorn
and like that's what they would do and
so they just take it so far
right and i wish that blizzard a triple
yeah whatever the [ __ ] you want to call
it right it's a tricorn yeah
what i'm saying is like the whole idea
is like it's just it's like escalation
you know escalation escalation
escalation
and i wish blizzard would like try and
like take a little bit more chances with
their mounts
you know it's like the long boy you know
like the long boy was out of [ __ ]
nowhere
like you'd never expect blizzard to make
something like that like a [ __ ] wait
was a brontosaurus
like what the hell but like the long boy
was one of the coolest mounts because
like they take chances they do crazy
[ __ ] like that it's awesome i like it
whisper go thank god that one's not in
the game
that's so dumb that's the dumbest mount
i've ever seen my whole life
this actually the dumbest one do you
know what this looks like this looks
like a knockoff version of a mcdonald's
happy meal toy
for a ghost a boo in super mario
this is scuffed this is this is the
luigi's mansion
knockoff that didn't even make it to
america
that's what it is right there
okay
oh now it's got a little thing on its
head
cool very cute
that that animation is cool okay you got
ourselves another chonker
there's a lot of these
players several is 90 days
oh okay so that's like a that's like an
old school flex mount i see
wow
wow that's cool
so wait is this like a is this like a
gladiator mount
so yeah is this like a gladiator mount
basically like yeah it is
i guess so give me one sec i took a piss
i'm back sorry about that somebody
somebody dropped 250 for them for the
kids
somebody just dropped 250 for the kids
oh my god thank you so much man like i
want to say right now
by i'm not trying to set any
expectations but we are actually farther
ahead
than where we were at last time for our
last goal
but we are already farther ahead guys we
are popping off
we are absolutely completely popping off
keep that in mind
it's going nuts you wash your hands no
we gotta do a giveaway for y'all yeah we
gotta do a giveaway if y'all
this one looks really cool so these are
all uh i guess these are like pvp
seasonal mounts
that's what it seems
hold on
just different versions of them
yeah yeah yeah
what the hell
that's really cool damn
what the hell man that's badass and it
makes sense
see this one makes sense because it's
got like a bunch of robot [ __ ] on the
bottom
so it's like oh it's not magic it's
robot [ __ ] it makes sense
i like that
what the [ __ ] that is really cool
that's actually [ __ ] badass
all right oh my god he's got lit
you know what this reminds me of is back
in the day i saw
a picture of some guy who had a um
so he had a cpu tower right so it's the
same as like a computer
but it wasn't an actual computer and
what he had for a case
was a taxidermied beaver
and he could push the thing and then
part of the beaver would come
out and there was a cd-rom it was a
taxidermy beaver
and this is exactly what i'm thinking
about whenever i see that what the [ __ ]
is [ __ ] where's
that [ __ ] was funny dude that it was
funny like uh
literally [ __ ] 20 years ago it's a
long time ago it was a real real long
time ago
that's so cool yeah it was funny as hell
this is the first thing reminds me of
[Music]
that one's really cool too yeah i like
this
damn that actually is nice
look at that dude damn
these are the little pvp mounts i'm
probably never gonna get that but that's
still really cool
thank you uh huh thank you thank you man
for a hundred dollars
see this one is actually so i'm actually
sad that i didn't get this bro
like this is like a straight up [ __ ]
balling out on another level
1971 cadillac
this is a 1970 it's coming back it's
coming back next month
well maybe i should that's so cool
[Music]
that dude that's so badass man
me and the boys driving around yeah
that's so cool
[Music]
yeah yeah yeah uh yeah yeah uh yeah
uh-huh yeah thanks for watching i hope
this video was helpful to you
it has inspired you to maybe look into
different parts of the game that you
haven't explored before
to get some of those cool mounts if you
did find this video
helpful please consider supporting the
channel on patreon or on twitch
you can also support the channel for
free by clicking the subscribe button or
by sharing this video with your fellow
warriors of darkness
thanks again so much for watching and
i'll see you next time
all right yeah i got that that's [ __ ]
cool
that's so [ __ ] badass that's so
[ __ ] badass i like that a lot
that was cool yeah uh mods link that
video linked that video that's a badass
[ __ ] video number one
that's crazy like shout out to zeppo for
making that video that is an insanely
awesome video i like it a lot
[Music]
you